(audience cheering)
(mellow piano music)
♪ I've paid my dues ♪
♪ Time after time ♪
♪ I've done my sentence ♪
♪ But committed no crime ♪
♪ And bad mistakes ♪
♪ I've made a few ♪
♪ I've had my share of
sand kicked in my face ♪
♪ But I've come through ♪
♪ We are the champions, my friend ♪
♪ And we'll keep on
fighting till the end ♪
♪ We are the champions ♪
♪ No time for losers ♪
♪ 'Cause we are the champions ♪
♪ Of the world ♪
(mellow piano music)
(audience cheering)
♪ I've taken my bows ♪
♪ And my curtain calls ♪
♪ You brought me fame and fortune ♪
♪ And everything that goes with it ♪
♪ I thank you all ♪
♪ But it's been no bed of roses ♪
♪ No pleasure cruise ♪
♪ I consider it a challenge
before the whole human race ♪
♪ And I ain't gonna lose ♪
♪ Uh, uh, uh ♪
♪ We are the champions, my friend ♪
♪ And we'll keep on
fighting till the end ♪
♪ Oh, we are the champions ♪
♪ We are the champions ♪
♪ No time for losers ♪
♪ 'Cause we are the champions ♪
♪ Of the world ♪
♪ We are the champions, my friend ♪
♪ And we'll keep on
fighting till the end ♪
♪ Oh, we are the champions ♪
♪ We are the champions ♪
♪ No time for losers ♪
♪ 'Cause we are the champions ♪
♪ Of the world ♪
(rock music)
(audience cheering)